NitroCMS "Community Edition" License

Copyright (c) 2010 - 2013, NitroCMS LLC All rights reserved.

This license is a legal agreement between you and NitroCMS LLC, for the use of
NitroCMS Software (the "Software"). By obtaining the Software you agree to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this license. NitroCMS LLC reserves the
right to alter this agreement at any time, for any reason, without notice.

Permitted Use

You are permitted to use, copy, modify, and distribute the Software with or
without modification, for any purpose, provided that the following conditions
are met:

    A copy of this license agreement must be included with the distribution.
    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice in
    all source code files that originally contained it. Redistributions in
    binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Any files within
    the Software itself that have been modified must carry notices stating the
    nature of the change and the names of those who changed them. Products
    derived from the Software must include an acknowledgment that they are
    derived from NitroCMS in their documentation and/or other materials
    provided with the distribution. Products derived from the Software may not
    be called "NitroCMS", nor may "NitroCMS" appear in their name, without prior
    written permission from NitroCMS LLC.

Display of Copyright Notices

All copyright information, attribution, proprietary notices and logos within
the footer of the Administration section and within the Software files
themselves must remain intact.

Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless NitroCMS LLC for any third-party
claims, actions or suits, as well as any related expenses, liabilities,
damages, settlements or fees arising from your use or misuse of the Software,
or a violation of any terms of this license.

Disclaimer Of Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
FURTHER, NitroCMS LLC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE OR ANY RELATED SERVICE
WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE.

Limitations Of Liability

YOU ASSUME ALL RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE SOFTWARE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR CLAIMS, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE. LICENSE HOLDERS ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE
APPROPRIATENESS OF USE AND ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ITS USE, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RISKS OF PROGRAM ERRORS, DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT, LOSS OF
DATA OR SOFTWARE PROGRAMS, OR UNAVAILABILITY OR INTERRUPTION OF OPERATIONS.
